{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SFProDisplay-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SFProDisplay-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green16\blue16;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9020\c7451\c7451;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Gainy, Inc.\uc0\u8232 Advisory Client Agreement\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 Revision date: November 2022\u8232 \u8232 You (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Client
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) and Gainy, Inc., a Delaware limited liability company and a Securities Exchange Commission (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 SEC
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) registered investment adviser (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Gainy
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94), agree to enter into an investment advisory relationship (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Agreement
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) pursuant to which Gainy shall exclusively manage the assets in account(s) that you establish at DriveWealth LLC (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 DriveWealth
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94). This Agreement is solely available to residents of the United States and its territories. This Agreement is effective as of the first day a brokerage account is opened in connection with this Agreement and is ready to receive trading instructions from Gainy (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Effective Date
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94). In consideration of the mutual covenants herein, Client and Gainy agree as follows:\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 1. Services\uc0\u8232 \u8205 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Client appoints Gainy to exclusively manage one or more accounts established and owned by Client at DriveWealth (each the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Client Account
\f1\b0 \cf2 ,\'94 \'93
\f0\b \cf2 DriveWealth Account
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94 or \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Account
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94). Gainy shall manage the Accounts in accordance with (i) an investment plan recommended by Gainy to Client from time to time based on profile information provided by Client (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Investment Profile
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94), and in accordance with certain additional investment options designated by Client (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Plan
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94 ), or (ii) an Investment Profile customized by Client (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Client-Defined Portfolios
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94). Gainy shall manage such Client- Defined Portfolios in accordance with the investment allocation elected by Client, although Gainy retains full investment discretion over such Client-Defined Portfolios and its allocation. Client authorizes Gainy, on Client\'92s behalf and at Client\'92s risk, to supervise and direct the investment and reinvestment of assets in the Client Accounts, with full authority and discretion, without consultation with Client, to purchase and sell securities, including but not limited to stocks, exchange traded funds (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 ETFs
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94), mutual funds (including without limitation money market mutual funds as separate investments from the Plan), and/or similarly traded instruments (collectively, the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Securitie
\f1\b0 \cf2 s\'94), as well as to manage cash balances within the Client Accounts. Gainy shall have the sole authority to issue trading instructions to purchase and sell Securities in the Client Accounts based on the discretionary authority granted to Gainy by Client under this Agreement. Gainy shall not have any duty or obligation to advise or take any action on behalf of Client in any legal proceedings, including bankruptcies or class actions, involving Securities held in, or formerly held in, the Account, or involving the issuers of such Securities.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Gainy shall have no authority hereunder to take or have possession of any assets in the Accounts or to direct delivery of any Securities or payment of any funds held in the Account to itself or to direct any disposition of such Securities or funds, except to Client, as directed by Client and to a Client controlled account, pursuant to valid legal authority, as provided in Section 8 hereof.\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 2. Representations and Warranties.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 (a) Client represents and warrants to Gainy as follows:i. Client has the requisite legal capacity, authority, and power to execute, deliver and perform his or her obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Client and is the legal, valid, and binding agreement of Client, enforceable against Client in accordance with its terms. Client\'92s execution of this Agreement and the performance of his or her obligations hereunder do not conflict with or violate any obligations by which Client is bound, whether arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise. If the Client is an entity, the individual trustee, agent, representative or nominee (the 
\f0\b \cf2 \'93Client Representative\'94
\f1\b0 \cf2 ) executing this Agreement on behalf of Client has the requisite legal capacity, authority, and power to execute, deliver and perform such execution and the obligations under this Agreement as applicable. The services described herein are authorized under the Client\'92s applicable articles, certificate, charter, operating agreement, partnership agreement, plan document, trust or organizational, delegation or formation documents or law. Upon Gainy\'92s request, Client will deliver to Gainy evidence of Client\'92s and Client Representative\'92s authority. Client will promptly notify Gainy of any change in such authority.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 ii. For Entity Clients: If Client Representative is entering into this Agreement, Client and Client Representative understand and agree that the representations, warranties, and agreements made herein are made by Client both: (a) with respect to Client; and (b) with respect to the Client Representative.\u8232 \u8232 iv. Client is the owner or co-owner of all cash and Securities in the Account, and there are no restrictions on the pledge, hypothecation, transfer, sale or public distribution of such cash or Securities.\u8232 \u8232 v. Client acknowledges and agrees that a Plan may include portfolios of stocks or other Securities (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Topic Trading Fractionals
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94 or \'93
\f0\b \cf2 TTF
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94), with each security in such portfolios playing a necessary role in the overall investment strategy and, therefore, Client understands and acknowledges that the Client cannot force exclusions or restrictions of Securities recommended by Gainy as part of the Plan or restrict or change the composition of a\'a0TTF.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 vi. Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy retains full discretion over Client-Defined Portfolios and that Client-Defined Portfolio allocations are suggestions and not directed trades.\'a0vii. Client will provide Gainy with complete, current, and accurate information about Client\'92s identity, background, net worth, investing timeframe, other risk considerations, any Securities from which Client may be or become legally restricted from buying or selling and other investment accounts in the Investment Profile and will promptly update that information as Client\'92s circumstances change.\u8232 \u8232 viii. Client acknowledges and agrees that Client must have access to a mobile phone capable of receiving SMS text messages and using a compatible operating system.\'a0\u8232 \u8232 ix. Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy or DriveWealth, as applicable, may require further documentation verifying Client\'92s identity or the identity of the Client\'92s beneficial owners, if any, and the source of funds used to make payment or deposit to Gainy. Client hereby agrees to provide such documentation as may be requested by Gainy. Furthermore, Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy and DriveWealth, as applicable, may release confidential information regarding Client and, if applicable, any of Client\'92s beneficial owners, to government authorities, if Gainy, in its sole discretion, determines after consultation with counsel that releasing such information is in the best interest of Gainy.\u8232 \u8232 x. Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy can only take instructions from Client and cannot accept instructions provided to Gainy by any third-party pursuant to a power- of-attorney document or any other document.\u8232 \u8232 xi. Client agrees to use Gainy solely for Client\'92s personal, non-commercial use, and not in connection with any competitive analysis (as determined by Gainy).\u8232 \u8232 (xii) Client acknowledges and agrees that (A) Gainy does not guarantee the performance of the Account and is not responsible to Client for any investment losses, (B) the Account is not insured against loss of income and/or principal; (C) there are significant risks associated with investing in Securities, including, but not limited to, the risk that the Account could suffer substantial diminution in value, and this risk applies even when the Account is managed by a registered investment adviser; (D) the past performance of any stock, benchmark, market index, ETF, investment portfolio or other Security does not indicate its future performance, and future transactions will be made in different Securities and different economic environments; (E) Gainy will cause the Account to invest in Securities substantially in the proportions set forth by the Plan (subject to the profile information received from Client and to various other factors, including without limitation Client deposits or withdrawals, variations in the allocations due to movements in the prices of Securities over time, revisions of the Plan by Gainy from time-to-time consistent with Client\'92s profile information, and Client\'92s elections); (F) Gainy will provide only the specific reviews and restrictions described in this Agreement and will not otherwise review or control such Account; and (G) there are significant risks associated with any investment program.\u8232 \u8232 xiii. Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy\'92s\'a0 sole obligation hereunder is to manage the Account in accordance with the Plan, and notwithstanding any duty or obligation Client Representative may have to an entity Client, Client has not engaged Gainy to provide any individual financial planning services.\'a0\u8232 \u8232 xiv. Client understands and agrees that the Account will be managed solely by Gainy based on the information Client has provided to Gainy. Client further understands that if any of the information Client provides to Gainy is or becomes incomplete or inaccurate, the Account\'92s activities may not achieve Client\'92s desired investment or tax strategy, the Account may purchase Securities from which Client is restricted from purchasing at that time or the Plan may otherwise be inappropriate for Client. An Account\'92s transactions may be executed at approximately the same time as transactions in other client accounts managed by Gainy in accordance with other clients\'92 investment plan, and if the transactions are large in relation to the trading volume on that particular day, the price may be different than it would be for the execution of a smaller transaction. Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy has sole discretion regarding the manner in which transaction orders are placed for the purchase and sale of Securities for the Client Account(s). Client further acknowledges and agrees that prices of Securities purchased and sold for the Client Account(s) may be less favorable than the prices obtained for the same Securities in similar transactions by other client accounts managed by Gainy and/or other non-related market participants.\u8232 \u8232 xv. Client acknowledges and agrees that an Account\'92s composition and performance may be different for a variety of reasons from those of any Plan recommendation to a Client. These differences can arise each time the Plan is adjusted or rebalanced, including, but not limited to, the following instances: (A) when the Account is established and the initial Securities positions are established; (B) when Client contributes additional capital to such Account; (C) when Client revises the Investment Profile, makes any elections or changes to their allocations, or takes any other action that causes Gainy to recommend a new Plan or revise the existing Plan; (D) each time the Advisory Fee (as defined in Section 5) is charged and paid from such Account; and (E) any time Gainy adjusts its algorithm by which the composition of the Account is maintained as specified for the Plan. On any such adjustment, Gainy may adjust the Plan in its discretion to approximate the composition specified in the Plan as closely as reasonably practicable based on the conditions at the time.\u8232 \u8232 xvi. Client acknowledges and agrees that the Account must maintain at all times a minimum balance as set forth on the Gainy Site or App, unless the balance drops below the specified minimum due solely to decreases in the values of the Account\'92s Securities and not due to any withdrawals of funds while the balance of the Account met the minimum as provided in this Section 2(xvi). Without in any way limiting Gainy\'92s rights pursuant to Section 14 hereof, if the Account balance falls below the specified minimum, Gainy upon prior notification to the Client may liquidate the Account holdings, deliver the proceeds of the liquidation to Client, and close the Account.\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 3. Custody\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Client has appointed DriveWealth as its broker and custodian pursuant to a separate \'93Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement.\'94 Gainy shall not be liable to Client for any act, conduct or omission by the DriveWealth and/or the clearing broker in its capacity as broker or custodian. At no time will Gainy accept, maintain possession, or have custodial responsibility for Client\'92s assets or securities.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 4. Confidentiality\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Except as required by law or requested by regulatory authorities, (a) Gainy agrees to maintain in confidence, consist with Gainy\'92s confidentiality policies, all of Client\'92s non-public personal and financial information that Client furnishes to Gainy, except for information that Client explicitly agrees to share publicly, and (b) Client agrees to maintain in strict confidence all investment advice and other non-public information that Client acquires from Gainy in connection with the Account. Client agrees that Client shall not use investment recommendations and other confidential information Client receives from Gainy for any purpose other than managing the Account, including, but not limited to, developing a service that competes with the Site or Gainy\'92s services. Client acknowledges receipt of and consents to Gainy\'92s Privacy Policy available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gainy.app/privacy-policy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.gainy.app/privacy-policy}}. Client understands,\'a0 acknowledges, and agrees that Client can opt-out certain portions of the Gainy Privacy Policy at any time; however, if the Client does opt out, Gainy may choose to terminate this Agreement and related Account(s). Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, Gainy may share Client\'92s non-public personal and financial information with affiliates of Gainy in connection with providing and/or enhancing the services provided to Client.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 5. Advisory and Platform Fees\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf2 a) Gainy specifies the annual fee rate it charges a Client (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Advisory Fee
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) and posts the Advisory Fee on the Client\'92s Account page on the Site and the App. Fees due shall be calculated by multiplying the Advisory Fee by the net market value of the Account as of the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 NYSE
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) (herein, \'93
\f0\b \cf2 close of markets
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) on such day, or as of the close of markets on the immediately preceding trading day for any day when the NYSE is closed, and then by dividing by 365 (except in any leap year, during which year the amount shall be divided by 366). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for Accounts with a total value less than $10,000 Gainy will charge a fixed annual rate (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Platform Fee
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) in place of the Advisory Fee. Gainy shall post the Platform Fee on the Client\'92s Account page on the Site and the App. For each day when the net market value of the Account as of the close of the market is less than $10,000 Gainy calculates the daily fee by dividing the annual Platform Fee by 365 except in any leap year, during which year the amount shall be divided by 366).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Except as provided below, the fees due for each calendar month (consisting of the aggregate of the daily fee for each day in that calendar month) shall be due and payable in arrears no later than the tenth business day of the immediately following calendar month. Gainy will promptly notify Client of any increase or decrease in the Advisory Fee or the Platform Fee. An increase in the Advisory Fee or the Platform Fee will be effective for the Account starting in the next month that begins at least 30 days after Gainy sends or posts such notice. A reduction in the Advisory Fee or the Platform Fee will be effective for the Account starting in the next month following its reduction.\u8232 \u8232 b) If Client closes the Account, withdraws the entire balance of the Account, or otherwise terminates this Agreement on any date other than the last business day of the month (except under the circumstances covered by Section 5(b)), Client shall pay any outstanding aggregate daily fees for the period from the day immediately following the last day of the last calendar month for which Client has paid, through the effective date of such withdrawal or termination.\u8232 \u8232 c) If, for any reason, Gainy closes and liquidates all the positions held in the Account, Client will receive the proceeds of the liquidated portion of the Account net of any Advisory Fee or Platform Fee due, and this Agreement shall terminate.\u8232 \u8232 d) If, for any reason, there is insufficient cash available in the Account to cover the Advisory Fees or Platform Fees at the time they are charged, Gainy, in its sole discretion, may cause certain Securities in the Account to be liquidated to allow the Advisory Fee and/or Platform Fee to be deducted from the Account.\u8232 \u8232 e) Gainy reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to reduce or waive the Advisory Fee or Platform Fee for certain Client Accounts for any period of time determined by Gainy. In addition, Client agrees that Gainy may waive its fees for the Accounts of clients other than Client, without notice to Client and without waiving its fees for Client. In exercise of its sole and absolute discretion Gainy may amend or terminate any reduction or waiver of the Advisory Fee or the Platform Fee. Gainy will promptly notify Client of any increase or decrease in the reduction or waiver of the Advisory Fee or the Platform Fee. A change in the waiver or reduction of the Advisory Fee or the Platform Fee will be effective for the Account starting in the next month that begins at least 30 days after Gainy sends or posts such notice.\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 6. Valuation\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 The assets in the Account shall be valued solely by DriveWealth.\uc0\u8232 \u8205 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 7. Responsibility for Expenses\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Gainy charges Client the Advisory Fee and/or Platform Fee as provided in Section 5. Clients may be subject to additional fees, such as fees embedded in the products, including without limitation ETFs or mutual funds, held in the Account. The fees and expenses set forth herein do not include additional fees or expenses for optional brokerage services or products that Drivewealth may charge Clients.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 8. Payment of Fees\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Gainy may, in its discretion, either (a) cause the Account to pay to Gainy any amount owing to Gainy or DriveWealth under this Agreement or (b) bill Client for such amount, in which case Client shall pay such amount to Gainy within ten (10) days of Client\'92s receipt of such bill. If Gainy causes the Account to pay Gainy or DriveWealth directly, Gainy will inform DriveWealth of the amount of the Advisory Fee or Platform Fee to be paid to Gainy directly from the Account and notify Client, after the Advisory Fee and/or Platform Fee has been charged, the amount of the Advisory Fee or Platform Fee and the net market values of Client\'92s assets on which the Advisory Fee and/or Platform Fee has been based. Notification to Client will be through Client\'92s user account on the Site, the App, or by email at the address(es) provided by Client to Gainy. \uc0\u8232 \u8205 \u8232 The Client may opt to pay for Gainy services under this Agreement by credit card. In the event Client prefers to pay Gainy via credit card, Client shall provide a credit card for Gainy to keep on file, and authorizes Gainy to charge the designated card for the amount owing to Gainy on a monthly basis. If for any reason, the designated card cannot be charged for the full amount of the fees owed to Gainy, Gainy may, in its discretion, use the Account to charge the balance owed to Gainy as set forth in the first paragraph of this Section and in Section 5 of this Agreement.\u8232 \u8205 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 9. Portfolio Transactions\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Gainy will place orders for the execution of transactions for the Client Account in accordance with Gainy\'92s Form ADV Part 2 (available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gainy.app/form-adv"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.gainy.app/form-adv}}) as may be amended from time to time. Gainy shall not have any responsibility for obtaining for the Account the best prices or any particular commission rates.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 10. Client-Defined Portfolios\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Client authorizes Gainy to effect Securities transactions in Client\'92s Account in accordance with the Security selection and allocation elected by Client. However, Client understands and agrees that Gainy retains full discretion over Client-Defined Portfolios. In certain situations, Securities and allocations in the Client- Defined Portfolio may differ from Securities and allocations elected by Client. A lack of liquidity, market conditions, unavailable pricing, software failure, tax considerations, wash sale prevention, and other factors may prevent Gainy from effecting transactions in accordance with Client\'92s specified elections.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 11. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 (a) To the extent permitted under applicable law, Client understands and agrees that Gainy will not be liable to Client for any losses, expenses, damages, liabilities, charges and claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (including without limitation any legal expenses and costs and expenses relating to investigating or defending any demands, charges and claims) (collectively, \'93Losses\'94) incurred by Client with respect to any Accounts, except to the extent that such Losses are actual losses of the Client proven with reasonable certainty and are the direct result of an act or omission taken or omitted by Gainy during the term of this Agreement which constitutes wilful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence under this Agreement. Without limitation, Gainy shall not be liable for Losses resulting from or in any way arising out of (i) any action of the Client or its previous advisers or other agents, (ii) force majeure or other events beyond the control of Gainy, including without limitation any failure, default or delay in performance resulting from computer or other electronic or mechanical equipment failure, unauthorized access, strikes, failure of common carrier or utility systems, severe weather or breakdown in communications not reasonably within the control of Gainy or other causes commonly known as \'93acts of god\'94, or (iii) general market conditions unrelated to any violation of this Agreement by Gainy.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 (b) Client (and in addition, for entity accounts, Client Representative) shall reimburse, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Gainy, its affiliates and their directors, officers, shareholders, employees and any person controlled by or controlling Gainy from and against any and all Losses relating to this Agreement or the Account arising out of any misrepresentations or act or omissions or alleged act or omission on the part of the Client (or Client Representatives) or previous advisers or the custodian or any of their agents, except if such Losses are the direct result of Gainy\'92s willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of Gainy\'92s duties or by reason of Gainy\'92s reckless disregard of its obligations and duties hereunder. In addition to the above indemnities, for entity Clients, the Client Representative shall further indemnify and defend Gainy and Gainy\'92s directors, officers, shareholders, employees and affiliates (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Indemnified Persons
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) and hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses, as they are incurred, resulting from or in connection to Client\'92s assertion of Client Representative\'92s lack of proper authorization from Client to enter into this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 11 or otherwise in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing herein shall constitute a waiver or limitation of any rights that Client may have under any federal or state securities laws, which rights may arise even if Gainy\'92s recommendation or other act or failure to act hereunder does not constitute willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of Gainy\'92s duties or by reason of Gainy\'92s reckless disregard of its obligations and duties hereunder.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 12. Proxies\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy will not engage in proxy voting for the Securities held in the Account.\'a0 Any proxy voting required to be made for the Securities shall be handled directly by the Client in accordance with the proxy voting standards of each Security. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 13. Termination; Withdrawals\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 This Agreement may be terminated by either party with or without cause by notice to the other party.\'a0 Any notice given hereunder shall be provided by Client to Gainy through the Site and by Gainy to Client through the primary email address in Client\'92s Account Application as Client shall update from time to time. Client may withdraw all or part of the Account by notifying Gainy at any time provided that all partial withdrawals comply with Gainy\'92s required Account minimums as posted on the Site and updated from time to time, unless Gainy otherwise consents in advance. Client\'92s withdrawal of all of the Account under this Agreement, or Client\'92s withdrawal that results in an Account balance below the minimum as provided in Section 2 hereof will terminate this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Sections 8 (only as to fees accruing prior to termination), 11, 13, 16, and 17 through 23 shall survive such termination. Client understands and agrees that upon termination of this Agreement Gainy may determine to liquidate immediately all holdings in the Plan and the Account, and subject to Section 11 hereof, Gainy shall not be liable to Client to any consequences of such liquidation.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 14. Account Statements\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Client shall receive quarterly account statements via electronic delivery from the Custodian. Gainy may, but his not required to, from time to time, provide additional information about the Account.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 15. Independent Contractor\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Gainy is and will hereafter act as an independent contractor and not as an employee of Client, and nothing in this Agreement may be interpreted or construed to create any employment, partnership, joint venture or other relationship between Gainy and Client.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 16. Delivery of Information\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Client acknowledges electronic delivery of Gainy\'92s brochure that would be required to be delivered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Advisers Act
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) (including the information in Part 2 of Gainy\'92s Form ADV), which is available on the Site and the App and provided here by link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gainy.app/form-adv"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.gainy.app/form-adv\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 }}Gainy will annually deliver, electronically and without charge, Gainy\'92s brochure required by the Advisers Act.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 17. Governing Law\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of California, excluding its provisions on conflicts or choice of laws. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 18 of this Agreement below, any legal action or proceeding arising under this Agreement shall be brought and resolved solely and exclusively in the State Court located in California. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 18. Arbitration\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the advisory services provided by Gainy, this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this Agreement to arbitrate (each a \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Dispute
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94), shall be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration rather than a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. Client and Gainy each further agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement, and that each party is waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 (a) Exceptions. As limited exceptions to mandatory arbitration as set forth in this Section, the parties each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights.\u8232 \u8232 (b) Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (\'93AAA\'94) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the \'93AAA Rules\'94) then in effect, except as modified by this Agreement. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.adr.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.adr.org}}.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 If Client\'92s claim is for U.S. $10,000 or less, Client may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in- person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If Client\'92s claim exceeds U.S. $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearings will take place in San Mateo County, California, unless the parties both agree in writing to a different location. Client and Gainy agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, and scope of the terms of this Agreement.\u8232 \u8232 (c) Arbitration Costs. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. If Client prevails in arbitration Client will be entitled to an award of attorneys\'92 fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.\u8232 \u8232 (d) Effect of Changes on Arbitration. Gainy reserves the right to modify this Section 18 at any time upon 30 days\'92 written notice to you. Any such modification shall be prospective and shall not affect previously filed claims. By keeping your client account with Gainy or by continuing to use services provided by Gainy, you agree to and accept all terms and conditions of any modifications.\u8232 \u8232 (e) Class Action Waiver. Client AND GAINY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, if our Dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person's claims with Client\'92s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If any of the specific provisions within this Section are found to be unenforceable, the remainder of this Section shall not be affected thereby and, to this extent, the provisions of this Section shall be deemed to be severable. If there is a final judicial determination that any particular claim (or a request for particular relief) cannot be arbitrated in accordance with this Section, then only that claim (or only that request for relief) may be brought in court. All other claims (or requests for relief) remain subject to this Section.\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 19. Notices\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 All notices and communications under this Agreement must be made through the Site or by email. Gainy\'92s contact information for this purpose is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@gainy.app?subject=Support"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@gainy.app}}, and Client\'92s contact information for this purpose is contained in Client\'92s user account on the Site and the primary email address(es) in Client\'92s Account Application as Client shall update from time to time.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 20. Severability and Amendment\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any and all other provisions hereof. Client acknowledges and agrees that Gainy may amend this Agreement from time to time, and Client\'92s failure to object to any such amendments within thirty (30) days of written notice to Client shall be deemed acceptance by Client of the amended Agreement.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 21. Waiver or Modification\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Gainy\'92s waiver or modification of any condition or obligation hereunder shall not be construed as a waiver or modification of any other condition or obligation, nor shall Gainy\'92s waiver or modification granted on one occasion be construed as applying to any other occasion.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 22. Entire Agreement\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 This Agreement, together with the Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement, is the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous written or oral negotiations, correspondence, agreements, and understandings (including without limitation any and all preexisting client account agreements, which are hereby cancelled). However, the parties may choose to enter into separate agreements between them regarding different subject matters or investment programs. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f0\b \cf2 23. No Third-Party Beneficiaries\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 Neither party intends for this Agreement to benefit any third party not expressly named in this Agreement.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cf2 24. Death, Disability, or Divorce\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8205 
\f1\b0 \cf2 If a Client is an individual, the Client\'92s death, disability or incompetency will not automatically terminate or change the terms of this Agreement. However, the Client\'92s executor, guardian or attorney-in-fact may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to Gainy. In the event that Client is a joint Account, both Account holders agree that if the Account ever becomes the subject of a dispute between Account holders, and Gainy becomes aware of the dispute, Gainy may refuse to disburse or allow for the termination of this Agreement without the consent of both joint Account holders. Further, both Account holders agree that in the event that one Account holder provides instructions to Gainy, even if the instructions are to terminate the Agreement and disburse all funds from the Account to one of the Account holders, Gainy may do so without the permission of the other Account holder and will have no liability to either Account holder.\
\uc0\u8232 \'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 ESIGN Consent to Use Electronic Records, Disclosures and Signatures\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 In this ESIGN Consent to Use Electronic Records, Disclosures and Signatures ("
\f0\b \cf2 Consent
\f1\b0 \cf2 "), please remember that "you" and "your" refer to the person who is establishing an account, as well as any future accounts, with us, and "we", "us" and "our" refer to Gainy, Inc. ("
\f0\b \cf2 Gainy
\f1\b0 \cf2 "), DriveWealth LLC (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 DriveWealth
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94). Gainy and DriveWealth collectively referred to as the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Company
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94. \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Communications
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94 means each disclosure, notice, agreement, fee schedule, statement, record, document, and other information we provide to you, or that you sign or submit or agree to at our request.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 By opening an account with us (each an \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Account
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) and then accessing your Account, you are consenting to the following terms:\uc0\u8232 \u8232 1. Your consent to use and delivery of electronic records and disclosures.\u8232 \u8232 In our sole discretion, the Communications we provide to you, or that you sign or agree to at our request, may be delivered to you in electronic form (\'93
\f0\b \cf2 Electronic Records
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94). You specifically agree to the electronic delivery (i.e. the receipt and/or obtaining) of Electronic Records and Disclosures from the Company. The term "Electronic Records" includes, but is not limited to, any and all current and future notices and/or disclosures, prospectuses, statement of additional information, annual and semi-annual reports that various federal and/or state laws or regulations require that the Company provides to you, as well as such other documents, statements, data, records and any other communications regarding your relationship to the Company. You acknowledge that, for your records, you are able to retain the Company\'92s Electronic Communications by printing and/or downloading and saving this Consent and any other agreements and Electronic Communications, documents, or records that you agree to using your E- Signature (as defined below). You accept Electronic Communications provided via your account with the Company as reasonable and proper notice, for the purpose of any and all laws, rules, and regulations, and agree that such electronic form fully satisfies any requirement that such communications be provided to you in writing or in a form that you may keep.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 The following are examples of Electronic Records and Disclosures covered by your Consent:\u8232 \u8232 \'95 Advisory Client Agreement with Gainy and all amendments, notices and other agreements that supplement the Advisory Client Agreement (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Advisory Client Agreement
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94);\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \'95 Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement with DriveWealth and all amendments, notices and other agreements that supplement the Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94);\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \'95 Any other agreements pertaining to future accounts that you may establish with Gainy and/or DriveWealth and all amendments, notices and other agreements that supplement those agreements;\u8232 \u8232 \'95 Gainy\'92s Form ADV Part 2 (including Gainy Program Brochure, CRS, and Code of Ethics), Notice of Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and other required and permitted legal disclosures; and\u8232 \u8232 \'95 Statements and reports, including without limitation account statements, fee calculation statements, transactions histories, trade confirmations, tax forms, reports and/or performance reports, prospectuses, statement of additional information, annual and semi-annual reports of mutual funds and exchange traded funds (ETFs).\u8232 \u8232 2. Your acknowledgement and consent to Electronic Signature.\u8232 \u8232 You agree that your use of a key pad, mouse or other device to select an item, button, icon or similar act/action, or to otherwise provide the Company with instructions, or in accessing or making any transaction regarding any agreement, acknowledgement, consent terms, disclosures or conditions constitutes your signature (hereafter referred to as "
\f0\b \cf2 E- Signature
\f1\b0 \cf2 "), acceptance and agreement as if actually signed by you in writing. You acknowledge you are signing this Consent, the Advisory Client Agreement and the Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement with an E-Signature. You agree your E-Signature is the legal equivalent of your manual signature on this Consent, the Advisory Client Agreement and the Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement. You consent to be legally bound by this Consent's terms and conditions. You also agree that no certification authority or other third-party verification is necessary to validate your E-Signature and that the lack of such certification or third-party verification will not in any way affect the enforceability of your E-Signature or any resulting contract between you and the Company. You represent that you are authorized to execute this Consent, the Advisory Client Agreement and the Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement for all persons who own or are authorized to access any of your accounts and that such persons will be bound by the terms of this Consent, the Advisory Client Agreement and the Customer Brokerage and Custody Agreement.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 3. Paper versions of Electronic Communications.\u8232 \u8232 You may obtain a paper copy of the Electronic Records, at any time by notifying us via support@gainy.app. We will not charge you a fee for the paper copy.\u8232 \u8232 4. Revocation of electronic delivery.\u8232 \u8232 This Consent will apply on an ongoing basis unless you withdraw this Consent. You have the right to withdraw the Consent to Electronic Records and the use of your E-Signature at any time. You acknowledge that we reserve the right to restrict or terminate your access to Gainy, including without limitation the Gainy\'92s website (the \'93
\f0\b \cf2 Site
\f1\b0 \cf2 \'94) and its mobile application (the \'93App\'94), if you withdraw Consent to Electronic Records and E-Signatures. If you wish to withdraw your Consent, contact us at support@gainy.app.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 5. Hardware, software and operating system.To receive the Electronic Records, you will need a computer or mobile device with a compatible operating system and web browser, and connection to the Internet, and you will need access to a printer or the ability to download information in trading instruction to keep copies for your records. The currently compatible operating systems and web browsers are identified at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gainy.app/system-requirements"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.gainy.app/system-requirements}}. Changes, if any, to these system hardware and software requirements will be updated on the Site or in the App. You must periodically refer to the Site or the App for current system requirements. By establishing and then accessing an Account, you are indicating that you have the capability to access the agreements and other information, including the disclosures, and download or print copies for your records. You are responsible for installation, maintenance, and operation of your computer, mobile device, browser and software. The Company is not responsible for errors or failures from any malfunction of your computer, browser or software. The Company is also not responsible for computer viruses or related problems associated with use of an online system. The currently compatible computer and mobile device operating systems and web browsers are identified at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gainy.app/system-requirements"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.gainy.app/system-requirements}}.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 The following are the minimum hardware, software and operating system requirements necessary to use Gainy. and receive Electronic Communications:\u8232 \'97 a Current Version of an Internet browser we support,\u8232 \'97 a connection to the Internet,\u8232 \'97 a Current Version of a program that accurately reads and displays PDF files (such as Adobe Acrobat Reader), and\u8232 \'97 a computer or mobile device and an operating system capable of supporting all of the above. You will also need a printer if you wish to print out and retain records on paper, and electronic storage if you wish to retain records in electronic form. You must also have an active email address.By \'93Current Version,\'94 we mean a version of the software that is currently being supported by its publisher.It is recommended that you print a copy of this Agreement for future reference.\
\uc0\u8232 \'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 Last Updated: November 30, 2021\u8205 \u8232 \u8232 \u8205 At Gainy Inc., we take privacy and security seriously. This Privacy Policy outlines how Gainy, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its mailing address 75 Broadway, Suite 202 San Francisco, California 94111,\'a0 company file number 5045873 and its affiliates (collectively, the \'93Company,\'94 \'93Gainy,\'94 \'93we,\'94 \'93our,\'94 or \'93us\'94) process the information we collect about you through our websites, mobile apps, and other online services (collectively, the \'93Services\'94) and when you otherwise interact with us, such as through our customer service channels.\u8232 \u8232 I. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE COLLECT THEM\u8232 \u8232 Personal Information You Provide:\u8232 \u8232 We may collect the following personal information you provide when you use our Services, like when you sign up for an account, request a transaction, enroll in a promotion or program, or otherwise engage or communicate with us:\u8232 \u8232 1. Identity Data includes your full name, date of birth, gender and other data on government-issued identification documents.\u8232 \u8232 2. Contact Data includes your email address.\u8232 \u8232 3. Profile Data includes your job title, investment approach, investment amount and your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.\u8232 \u8232 II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION\u8232 \u8232 We use and process the information we collect for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise described to you on our Services or in connection with our Services. For example, we use your information to:\u8232 \u8232 1. Communicate with you such as deliver newsletters or other content we believe you will be interested in, provide customer service or feedback, conduct surveys, notify you about upcoming events, or for any other purposes in connection with the Services;\u8232 \u8232 2. Conduct research and analytics to understand our visitors and customers and tailor our product offerings;\u8232 \u8232 3. Provide you with updates about products and services, as well as facilitate new contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and rewards;\u8232 \u8232 4. Make suggestions and recommendations to you about things that are similar to those about which you have inquired or that may otherwise be of interest to you, such as providing you with advertisements based on your interests and activity on the Services;\u8232 \u8232 5. Monitor, administer, and enhance our Services, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes;\u8232 \u8232 6. Enhance the safety and security of our Services, business, and users, and investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;\u8232 \u8232 7. Perform audits and protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, including to enforce and carry out contracts and agreements; and\u8232 \u8232 8. Comply with applicable laws and legal obligations.\u8232 \u8232 III. DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION\u8232 \u8232 We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the personal information we collect. We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your personal information, see the \'93Control Over Your Information\'94 section below. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties, aside from substantial corporate transactions (described below).\u8232 \u8232 1. Legal purposes. We disclose personal data to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law-enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Gainy, our affiliates, users, or the public.\u8232 \u8232 2. With your consent. We share personal data for any other purposes disclosed to you with your consent. We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.\u8232 \u8232 IV. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION\u8232 \u8232 How to control your communications preferences. You can stop receiving promotional emails from us by clicking on the provided \'93unsubscribe\'94 link. You may not opt-out of service-related or other non-promotional communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and security notices).\u8232 \u8232 V. LOCATION OF DATA STORAGE AND PROCESSING\u8232 \u8232 The personal information we collect from you will be stored in the United States and may be stored in other countries that may have different privacy laws and standards than those in your country of residence. Your personal information may be transferred to or processed in the United States by us or by a third-party service provider working for us. If you are located outside of the United States, the transfer of personal information is necessary to provide you with the requested information, products, and services and/or to perform any requested transaction. When we transfer or disclose your personal information to other countries, we will protect that information as\u8232 described in this Privacy Policy. By submitting personal information via our website or other means, you agree to such storage, transfers, and processing.\u8232 \u8232 VI. THIRD PARTY SERVICES\u8232 \u8232 Please be aware that third-party websites accessible or recommended through our Services may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. These links and features are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the information provided through these third-party links and features, nor any association with their operators. We are not responsible for any actions, content of websites, or privacy policies of such third parties. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties.\u8232 \u8232 Gainy uses Plaid Inc. (\'93Plaid\'94) to gather your data from financial institutions. By using the Service, you grant Gainy and Plaid the right, power, and authority to act on your behalf to access and transmit your personal and financial information from your relevant financial institution. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Plaid in accordance with the Plaid end user privacy policy.\u8232 \u8232 VII. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS\u8232 \u8232 This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California residents and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act (\'93CCPA\'94). CCPA provides California residents the right to request more details about the categories and specific elements of personal information we collect, to delete their personal information, to opt-out of any \'93sales\'94 that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. We do not sell information about you to third parties. In order to help Gainy deliver advertising and marketing on other platforms, we do allow third parties to collect information through our Services. Please see the \'93Third-Party Tracking and Online Advertising\'94 section above for more details, including choices available to you.\u8232 \u8232 California residents may make a consumer rights request for access to certain personal information subject to the CCPA by sending an email to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@gainy.app?subject=support"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@gainy.app}}. We may verify the request by asking you to provide information that matches the information we have on file about you. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 VIII. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION\u8232 \u8232 Our Services are currently designed for use only in certain select markets. If you are using our Services from another jurisdiction, your information collected through our Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Gainy or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities or conduct business activities. If you are located in other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. \u8232 \u8232 IX. CHILDREN\'92S PRIVACY\u8232 \u8232 We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 on these Services. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@gainy.app?subject=support"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@gainy.app}}.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 X. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY\u8232 \u8232 This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, and when we update it, we will revise the "Effective Date" above and post the new Policy on our Site and App. You will receive a copy of our Privacy Policy on an annual basis through the App. To stay informed throughout the year of any updates to our privacy practices, we recommend you review the Policy on a regular basis as you continue to use our Services.\u8232 \u8232 IX. HOW TO CONTACT US\u8232 \u8232 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Services, please contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@gainy.app?subject=support"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@gainy.app}}.}